+++
title = "2018-11-01 Board Meeting"
date = "2018-11-01T18:00:00-05:00"
minutes = true
+++

# I. Call to Order

# II. Roll Call
- Board Members
  - Present
     - President - Jacob Walker
     - Vice President - Julia Winegeart
     - Secretary - Richard Sharp
     - Treasurer - Casey Woolfolk
  - Absent
     - Director - Sandip Southekal
     - Director - Seth Etter
- Guests
  - Michael Campbell

# III. Approval of Minutes
- Motion: I move to accept the minutes from our prior meeting as presented.
  - By: Casey Woolfolk
  - Second: Jacob Walker
  - Result: Approved

# IV. Old Business
## a. Leadership info is on website
- Who wants their email/phone on the Leadership page?

## b. Insurance
- Sandip is looking into insurance.

## c. Bank Account
- devICT now has an operational bank account
- devICT needs additional signers. Jacob Walker and Julia Winegeart volunteered to be an additional signer.

## d. Tax Exemption
- devICT now has tax exemption status.

## e. What is left to separate from MakeICT?
- devICT needs to establish our bank account and tax exemption.
 - Completed
- devICT needs to separate our Patreon and PayPal accounts.
 - Casey is still working this issue

## f. Social media manager
- Still looking for someone. Reach out to general public next.

## g. Slack channel clean up
- Jacob removed Admin permissions from 10 people. Currently at 15 admins. Should have a specific conversation with the non-board admins to be sure they still want to help with administrating the Slack.

- Still are too many channels. Cleanup did not happen since last meeting.

# V. New Business

## a. Open Wichita
- Tabled for next meeting

## b. Halloween Trivia Night
- Tonya did a great job.

# VI. Comments/Announcements
- Richard made the suggestion of having an event, so the general public can meet the devICT board. Date is to be determined
  - Update: Event is 11/17

# VII. Public Participation
- Michael offered to assist with devICT

# VIII. Set Meeting Dates
- December 5th, 7-8 PM

# IX. Adjournment

<!--
- Motion: I move that
  - By:
  - Second:
  - Result: Passes unopposed
-->
