+++
title = "2018-09-19 Board Meeting"
date = "2018-09-19T18:00:00-05:00"
minutes = true
+++

# I. Call to Order
- Meetings began at 6:08pm CST

# II. Roll Call
- Board Members
  - Present
     - President - Jacob Walker
     - Vice President - Julia Winegeart
     - Secretary - Richard Sharp
     - Treasurer - Casey Woolfolk
     - Director - Sandip Southekal
     - Director - Seth Etter
  - Absent
     - None
- Guests
  - None

# III. Approval of Minutes
- Motion: I move to accept the minutes from our prior meeting as presented.
  - By: Jacob Walker
  - Second: Casey Woolfolk
  - Result: Passes unopposed

# IV. Old Business
## a. Leadership info is on website
- The devICT about page was expanded to show leadership and frequent volunteers.
  - Jacob suggested we look to get more people involved to volunteer to devICT.

## b. Insurance
- Sandip provided information about the cost for Insurance.  DevICT needs to provide more information to the insurance company in order to receive an accurate quote.  More information about insurance will be provided  next meeting.

## c. Bank Account
- There are still some action items needed before we open the organization's bank account
  - Signed meeting minutes

## d. Tax Exemption
- Tax exemption form is still in the works.

## e. Any other required state reports
- This will not become an issues unless we grow significantly bigger than we are now

# V. New Business
## a. What is left to separate from MakeICT?
- devICT needs to establish our bank account and tax exemption.
- devICT needs to separate our Patreon and PayPal accounts.

## b. Social media manager
- Jacob will reach out to the leadership devICT slack channel to find a candidate

## c. Slack channel clean up
- Jacob brought up the fact that devICT slack has more admins than required; therefore, Jacob will go through and determine if it makes sense to keep certain individuals as admins

- Jacob brought up there are too many slack channels.  We are looking to keep the number of channels to under 100 as opposed to the 118 that is currently established.  Therefore, Jacob will go thought the slack channels and combine channels that need to be combined and remove those that are inactive.

# VI. Comments/Announcements

# VII. Public Participation

# VIII. Set Meeting Dates
- 2018-11-01 at 8-9pm Central

# IX. Adjournment
- Adjourned by Jacob Walker at 6:59pm

<!--
- Motion: I move that
  - By:
  - Second:
  - Result: Passes unopposed
-->
