+++
title = "2019-10-10 Board Meeting"
date = "2019-10-10T12:10:00-05:00"
minutes = true
+++

# I. Call to Order

# II. Roll Call
- Board Members
  - Present
     - President - Jacob Walker
     - Vice President - Julia Winegeart
     - Treasurer - Casey Woolfolk
     - Director - Chris Lofland
     - Director - George Shaw
     - Director - Jacob Hobbie
     - Director - Kevin Elledge
     - Director - Michael Dorian
     - Director - Nic Wentling
     - Director - Sandip Southekal
     - Director - Seth Etter
     - Director - Tonya Riepe
  - Absent
     - Director - Michael Neth
- Guests
     - Michael Campbell

# III. Approval of Minutes
<!--
- Motion: I move to accept the minutes from our prior meeting as presented.
  - By: Jacob Walker
  - Second: 
  - Result: Passes unopposed.
-->

# IV. Financial Report

Skipping this time.

# V. Old Business

None.

# VI. New Business

## Appoint President
This person is focused on advancing the vision/mission of the group and runs board meetings.
Jacob moves to appoint George.
Hobbies seconds.
Motion passes unopposed.

## Appoint Secretary
This person records minutes, updates the website, and schedules board meetings.
George moves to appoint Hobbies.
Jacob seconds.
Motion passes unopposed.

## Appoint Webmaster
This person takes an active interest in updating and maintaining the devict.org website.
George moves to appoint Chris Lofland.
Hobbie seconds.
Motion passes unopposed.

## Appoint Botmaster
This person manages our hubot @bot and our custom chat bot @herald.
George moves to appoint Michael.
Chris seconds.
Motion passes unopposed.

## Appoint GSuite Administrator
This person creates @devict.org email accounts and administers shared Google Drive resources. Possibly leverages more features of our GSuite account that we could/should be using.
George moves to appoint Hobbie.
Julia seconds.
Motion passes unopposed.

## Appoint Social Media Manager
This person preemptively schedules Tweets and Facebook posts using a tool like Buffer or similar. They also respond to messages to our Facebook page.
Tonya will continue to be the social media manager.

# VII. Comments/Announcements
-National Day of Civic Hacking happened. Attendance was up.
We will start planning in Q1 next year for next year's event.
-Volunteer Training outline comments have been collected. Next steps are to schedule a work day to write the documents.
-Dev Lunch will be replaced with the Seth's talks event at the Advanced Learning Library for a trial period for the first couple months next year.
-David Dennis, programming teacher at Northwest High School requested people to come talk at his class about tech opportunities in town. We'll look for volunteers in slack.
-Hacktoberfest is going well! Keep it up!
-Seth wanted know opinions on devICT funds for VoteICT. Board is favorable to the idea but Seth will do some more research on specifics.
-Hobbie reminded the board to get all new members of the board to relevant technologies.
-Next Game Jam is scheduled: Jan31-Feb2 at WSU
-DevICT will be represented at WSU Tech Fest. We need a flyer.Seth had posted a sample one in the Slack.
-We need to update the website with the new board members.
-Seth gave a brief overview of our previous communications with Flagship Kansas.
-Began planning an event for vision settings/information gathering. George will take point on the event and Hobbie will take point on a feedback form.

# VIII. Public Participation
N/A

# IX. Set Meeting Dates
One will happen in January. Date to be announced.

# X. Adjournment
Adjourned at 12:53

<!--
- Motion: I move that
  - By:
  - Second:
  - Result: Passes unopposed
-->
