+++
title = "2019-01-09 Board Meeting"
date = "2019-01-09T19:00:00-05:00"
minutes = false
+++

https://hangouts.google.com/call/FYeHMJ943zoKVOyqCrn7AEEE

# I. Call to Order

# II. Roll Call
- Board Members
  - Present
     - President - Jacob Walker
     - Vice President - Julia Winegeart
     - Treasurer - Casey Woolfolk
     - Director - Sandip Southekal
     - Secretary - Richard Sharp
  - Absent
     - Director - Seth Etter
- Guests

# III. Approval of Minutes
- Motion: I move to accept the minutes from our prior meeting as presented.
  - By:
  - Second:
  - Result:

# IV. Financial Report

Casey provided a status update for the internal accounts.

# V. Old Business

## a. Insurance
- Sandip is still looking into insurance.

## b. What is left to separate from MakeICT?
- Ensure Meetup and Digital Ocean will not charge old account.
  - Casey will talk to Seth about changing meetup payments.
  - Digital Ocean is expired.
- Jim will move Game Jam Google Drive stuff.

## c. Social media manager
Tonya Riepe has started this work and has already posted a few things.

## d. Slack channel clean up
- Still are too many channels. Cleanup did not happen since last meeting.

## e. Code of Conduct
- Reporting is still basically unimplemented.
  - A day in early January will be scheduled to colaborate on adding reporting.
  - The Board will be listed as the reviewers.
  - More resources will be found for how to handle incident reports.

## f. Employee/employer survey
- Kenton showed some summary data. It's almost done. Lots of Math is going on.

## g. How is Open Wichita?
- Tabled until next month.

# VI. New Business

## a. Future of the Organization

Discuss goals as set detailed in this document from Casey

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cm_5ya2f6co8-IZAC9yMWIrI-qoxIJYJttNrso3VDUI/edit

# VII. Comments/Announcements

# VIII. Public Participation

# IX. Set Meeting Dates

# X. Adjournment


<!--
- Motion: I move that
  - By:
  - Second:
  - Result: Passes unopposed
-->
