+++
title = "2020-01-23 Board Meeting"
date = "2020-01-23T06:10:00-05:00"
minutes = true
+++

# I. Call to Order

# II. Roll Call

- Board Members
  - Present
    - President - George Shaw
    - Vice President - Julia Winegeart
    - Treasurer - Casey Woolfolk
    - Social Media Manager - Tonya Riepe
    - Director - Seth Etter
    - Director - Nic Wentling
    - Director - Kevin Elledge
    - Director - Michael Neth
    - Webmaster - Christen Lofland
    - Botmaster - Michael Dorian
    - Secretary, GSuite Administrator - Jacob Hobbie
  - Absent
    - Jacob Walker
    - Sandip Southekal
- Guests
  - Christian Taylor

# III. Approval of Minutes

<!--
- Motion: I move to accept the minutes from our prior meeting as presented.
  - By: George Shaw
  - Second:
  - Result: Passes unopposed.
-->

# IV. Financial Report

- Account Updates:
  - ~\$5,100 Total
  - \$2,000 allocated for Game Jam
  - Getting ~\$100 from Patreon every Month
- 2019 990n Filing Update
  - Updated by Casey Woolfolk
- 2019 1099 Filing(s) Update
  - Being updated by Casey Woolfolk
- Game Jam Prize Money Updates
  - Will keep track of winners and get necessary forms signed at Game Jams so prize money distribution will be easier.

# VI. New Business

- Venue Changes

  - Investigated Groover Labs as a major option for devICT's move. Approx. would be \$100 a month in current discussions. Address is 334 N St. Francies St. Wichita, KS 67202.
  - Also investigated GoCreate. George Shaw will investigate the logistics of using that space.
  - Using other spaces for certain events was reccomended by Seth Etter. Chris seconded that. Jacob Hobbie is to investigate using Newman University as a separate space and George Shaw is to investigate using Friends University and WSU as an additional space. Also discussed the rules around alochol at different spaces.
  - Must move out of the Labor Party by February 20th.

- Removing Jacob Walker from the Board

  - Motion: Remove Jacob Walker from the board of devICT
    - By: George Shaw
    - Second: Julia Winegeart
    - Result: Passes unopposed.

# VII. Comments/Announcements

- Volunteer Training

  - Julia Winegeart will need to revampe volunteer training program/guidelines with the move.
  - George Shaw wants to make a specific role on the board for managing volunteers.

- Bylaw Changes

  - George Shaw wants to redo some of the Bylaws to have more defined roles and more structure in devICT.

- Game Jam

  - Chris Lofland reminded everyone about Game Jame occuring on January 31st.
  - More volunteers are always needed!

- devICT Survey

  - Jacob Hobbie brought up some initial results from the devICT survey. Shared some numbers publically and kept some details secret to not reveal public information.

# VIII. Public Participation

- Member Introductions

  - New members introduce themselves to the board and the community.

- Job Board

  - Christian Taylor has volunteered to take over the Job Board project.

- Open Source Projects

  - Seth Etter advertises the open source projects that need help this year.

- Treasurer Postion

  - Casey Woolfolk announced he has one more year of Treasurer work in him - Jacob Hobbie volunteered to take the position afterwards if someone could relieve him of his duties.

# IX. Set Meeting Dates

- Next Meeting is on Wednesday, February 12th at noon.

# X. Adjournment

<!--
- Motion: I move that
  - By:
  - Second:
  - Result: Passes unopposed
-->
